Aries
Wipe the wellness slate clean, Ram! Today’s total lunar (full moon) eclipse in Virgo is activating your salubrious sixth house, calling for you to put unhealthy hygge-season habits behind you. That was then. This is now. Set yourself up for success by committing to a workout routine that you actually enjoy and incorporating good-for-you foods that you love into a nutritious, well-balanced diet. When you treat your body with the respect it deserves, it rewards you with awesome productivity—something you on-the-go Rams can appreciate!

Taurus
You could find yourself in Cupid’s crosshairs today, even though Valentine’s Day is in the rearview. As the total lunar (full moon) eclipse rocks Virgo and your amorous fifth house, single Bulls could encounter an alluring prospect or decide you’re finally ready to try a new dating app. This lunation could also bring baby news, since the fifth house rules procreation. If you’re spinning your wheels in a relationship that’s going nowhere, today’s eclipse pushes you to find an off-ramp. Make space for the real deal!

Gemini
Change is in the air at Chez Gemini as today’s full moon in Virgo (which is also a total lunar eclipse) lands in your caring, homey fourth house. Are you ready to refresh your décor? Or improve your living situation somehow? Maybe it’s high time you created a list of agreed-upon house rules for you and your roomies to abide by. You might try to avoid sweating the small stuff, but it won’t be easy under this lunation, which is turning you into an emotional sponge, soaking up other people’s vibes. Reclaim some “me time” if it gets to be too much. Might a relocation be in the cards? Eclipses can cause sudden developments, so you could find yourself browsing the real-estate listings.

Cancer
Today’s total lunar (full moon) eclipse in Virgo illuminates your communicative third house, triggering a flurry of information and interactions. An opportunity to pair off—perhaps with a kindred spirit who’s hiding in plain sight—could come your way, so be on the lookout. If negotiations are already underway, you might finally come to terms during the next month—peak manifesting period of this lunation. Are you a writer or content creator? This lunar lift will give your efforts a welcome boost, and you might be able to broaden your reach, inspiring even more people with your message. Don’t ignore those pings, Cancer. A surprising notification could pop up soon, and it’s likely to be a game-changer.

Leo
Make it rain! Today’s Virgo total lunar (full moon) eclipse lights up your fiscal second house, helping you to hit pay dirt. Your ship could come in if you’ve been working hard to strengthen your financial security. All the awesome effort you’ve put in these last six months should finally feel worth it. Even if your income doesn’t reflect the rewards instantly, you’ll soon see an improvement. You need clarity around the amount you deserve to be bringing in and the talents you should be tapping to boost your bank balance. Eclipses can trigger sudden plot twists, so a lucrative opportunity might arrive out of left field.

Virgo
You’re cleared for takeoff! Today serves up 2026’s only full moon in Virgo, and it also happens to be a supercharged total lunar eclipse. The personal strides you’ve made in the last six months could amount to a big win during the next four weeks. While eclipses often reveal hidden opportunities, you need to be on the lookout for them and seize the day. Embrace the spirit of change rather than resisting it. It can feel unsettling at first, but you’ll end up in a better place than where you started.

Libra
There’s no need to struggle solo when the universe wants to lift you up. Today, the total lunar eclipse (full moon) in Virgo charges up your spiritual twelfth house, turning up the volume on your inner wisdom. Listen to the quiet voice that’s whispering deep in your soul, and let it guide you. If you could use some support, make an appointment with a professional like a therapist or life coach who can help guide you on your path to wholeness and healing. You don’t have to do it out all by yourself, Libra.

Scorpio
Team Scorpio for the win! Today’s powerful total lunar eclipse (full moon) in Virgo is activating your collective eleventh house, potentially bringing a group endeavor to fruition. Your crew could accomplish something that makes life better for your fellow human beings or changes people’s minds. During the next two to four weeks, you could become deeply involved in a social movement or philanthropic effort. Since lunar eclipses can bring about endings, you might end a friendship or part ways with a group you no longer click with.

Sagittarius
Opportunity could come knocking soon, and you better be ready to carpe diem, intrepid Archer! Today’s total lunar (full moon) eclipse in Virgo charges up your tenth house of career and ambition and continues to have a ripple effect over the next two to four weeks. You’re driven to achieve big goals, and these potent moonbeams can push you over the finish line. All eyes are on you, so dress for the job you want and play the role with everything you’ve got. Eclipses can trigger plot twists, so you might suddenly decide to drop an objective you’d been aiming for. If it no longer speaks to you, let it go.

Capricorn
You have a tailwind today, thanks to the total lunar eclipse (full moon) in Virgo that’s revving up your expansive ninth house. What dreams have you been reaching for? A publishing project, entrepreneurial venture, course of study or travel plans could finally come together in a big way. You’ve been working toward this for months, and the pieces are falling into place at long last. Maybe a long-distance bond that’s been brewing will turn into the real deal during the next two to four weeks. Take a leap of faith, Capricorn!

Aquarius
Today’s total lunar (full moon) eclipse in Virgo heats up your intimate eighth house, triggering a surge of passion. You may not be able to resist the urge to merge (or uncouple), and the object of your lust won’t be able to resist YOU, thanks to your sultry allure. Be sure that you’re acting in alignment with your heart’s true desire. If you’re looking for a keeper, don’t settle for a player. Attached Aquarians could discover over the next two to four weeks that it’s time to take a sizable next step. Go big or go home!

Pisces
It takes two to tango! Today’s powerful total lunar (full moon) eclipse in Virgo activates your partnership province, catalyzing important shifts involving your personal identity and your key connections. Over the course of the next two to four weeks (peak manifesting period for this eclipse), you might reach a milestone in an important relationship. Have you been in talks with a professional partner? The deal could finally come together. Coupled Fish may be ready to take a big step forward together and uplevel your commitment. Make it official!